Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
She advised him to come back at once.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The lake is a long way from here.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Where do random thoughts come from?
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I want more detailed information.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Hurry!
A glittering gem is not enough.
Don't step on the broken glass.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Two seats were vacant.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Wow, does that work?
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Please wait outside of the house.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
She did her best to help him.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Christmas is coming.